hey what's up guys it's Justin Gabrieli
today I'm going to talk about dermals
piercings and things of that nature so
in the past I've had stretched years
called it I think it was like 7/16 or an
inch or something like that
when I was younger got those taken out
and they didn't heal particularly well
but then I also had a dermal on my face
because it just got taken out and that's
probably why you clicked on this video
so I'm going to show you exactly what it
was like to get it in and then exactly
what it's like to get it out so I
videotaped both those experiences and I
think that pretty cool what kind of
shows you just kind of if you have a
irrational fear of like piercings or
something but you still want to do it
you can kind of see what it is I was
afraid to get it out in my face because
my face and that's kind of scary it's
right by my eye I don't know how they're
gonna do it but there's a lot easier
than I thought it was gonna be it up not
being painful or anything there's
nothing wrong with it so take a look
are you ready sure we start messing
about then there we go that's it so
neither getting it in or getting it
taken out we're painful in the least
obviously I kind of have a high pain
tolerance I think generally anybody
could do it and I don't think it's
particularly maple at all other than I
that's all I've got for you